resources/public/osm/README.md, before:

# Search for the city

    http://www.openstreetmap.org/search?query=Rome

# In search results, find correct result and click:

    http://www.openstreetmap.org/relation/41485

Note that the tags shown mark it as: admin_level=8

per: http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/w/index.php?title=Tag:boundary%3Dadministrative&uselang=en-US#10_admin_level_values_for_specific_countries , Italy does not use admin_level=9, so:

# export an .osm for all data for a bounding box around rome:

https://mapzen.com/data/metro-extracts/ and search for Rome


(Download the "OSM XML"-formatted version).

# Prepare database

psql verbcoach (not -U verbcoach: do as postgres root user)

    CREATE EXTENSION postgis;
    -- Enable Topology
    CREATE EXTENSION postgis_topology;
    -- Enable PostGIS Advanced 3D 
    -- and other geoprocessing algorithms
    -- sfcgal not available with all distributions
    CREATE EXTENSION postgis_sfcgal;

# Import into postgres:

    osm2pgsql -p rome -s -U verbcoach -d verbcoach -H localhost ~/Downloads/rome_italy.osm

# Do a query:

    SELECT name,ST_AsGeoJson(way) FROM rome_polygon WHERE name='Sallustiano';

Commit message:

+README about importing OSM data into Postgres

resources/public/osm/README.md, after:

# Search for the city

    http://www.openstreetmap.org/search?query=Rome

# In search results, find correct result and click:

    http://www.openstreetmap.org/relation/41485

Note that the tags shown mark it as: admin_level=8

per: http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/w/index.php?title=Tag:boundary%3Dadministrative&uselang=en-US#10_admin_level_values_for_specific_countries , Italy does not use admin_level=9, so:

# export an .osm for all data for a bounding box around rome:

https://mapzen.com/data/metro-extracts/ and search for Rome


(Download the "OSM XML"-formatted version).

# Prepare database

psql verbcoach (not -U verbcoach: do as postgres root user)

    CREATE EXTENSION postgis;
    -- Enable Topology
    CREATE EXTENSION postgis_topology;
    -- Enable PostGIS Advanced 3D 
    -- and other geoprocessing algorithms
    -- sfcgal not available with all distributions
    CREATE EXTENSION postgis_sfcgal;

# Import into postgres:

    osm2pgsql -p rome -s -U verbcoach -d verbcoach -H localhost ~/Downloads/rome_italy.osm

another example:

    osm2pgsql -d florence -H localhost -p florence  ~/Downloads/florence_italy.osm

## Flags

 -p prefix for created tables
 -s "(--slim) Store temporary data in the database. This greatly
                        reduces the RAM usage but is much slower. This
                        switch is required if you want to update with
                        --append later."

# Do a query:

    SELECT name,ST_AsGeoJson(way) FROM rome_polygon WHERE name='Sallustiano';
